---
layout: post
title:  Nick Hood
author: himself
thumb: Nick-thumb.jpg
birth-date: 16 June 1957
birth-place: USAF Wimpole Park, Arrington
date:  2020-04-11 16:00
# published: yes
categories: 
  - Hood
tags:
  - living
  - Hood
  - Letchworth
  - Scotland
---
{% newthought "Nicholas Robin Hood" %}{% marginnote "nanana" "My middle name was a compromise between my parents. My father wanted it to be my first name." %} was born on 16th June 1957 at Wimpole Park Hospital, Arrington to [Audrey](/family/Audrey) and Ric Hood. He lives in Scotland with his wife, Kara.
<!--more-->

## Synopsis
I was raised mostly in Letchworth, then, after military service, I pursued a career in flight simulation and software development in Europe, North America and the Far East, settling in Scotland. I became an educator in 2003 and now work at the University of Edinburgh in initial teacher education.

## Early life
{% marginfigure 'nh-tod' 'assets/img/Nick-toddler.jpg' 'Nicky - passport photo.'  %}I lived with my parents, except for a short period when Mum was paralysed. My Dad was posted to the US, so we followed him there and spent time in Hialeah. Mum's illness was hard for their marriage -- they eventually divorced and Dad made a new life with another English girl. I remember telling my friends at school about it: such a thing was rare in those days. I grew up in Letchworth, the first garden city and still pretty mostly, even today. I went to Icknield Infant School, then Wilbury Junior School across from my Grandad and Nanna Bourne's house on Bedford Road, and then Letchworth Grammar School.

## REME
{% marginfigure 'nh-05' 'assets/img/Nick-05.png' '05 Platoon, Depot REME. I am the tall guy in the back row.'  %}I enlisted into the British Army in April 1976 and completed basic military training in the hot summer of that year. I was selected for the Avionics trade and went on to the School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering at Arborfield. During that time, I was seconded for a while as a firefighter during the strike of 1977, service which greatly informed my attitude to organised labour. I served with the LADs REME at 70 Aircraft Workshop, Middle Wallop, and 656 Sqn AAC at the RAE, Farnborough. I was deployed on various exercises and operations including Op Agila in Rhodesia in 1979-80, which latter service greatly informed my attitude to uninformed public and political sentimentality, especially about Africa. I was awarded the Rhodesia medal and the Zimbabwe Independence Medal.

## Flight simulation
I left the military after a relatively short service to chase a new adventure working on Lynx helicopters in Quatar which didn't work out. Looking back, it seemed like a good idea at the time{% sidenote "islagi" "My mother said that will be my epitaph." %} but I was somehow protected from it{% sidenote "fate" "In 1982, shortly after I had left the Army and 656 Squadron, they and my old comrades were on the QE2 heading for the Falklands War. *There but for fortune*, another candidate for my headstone. I tried to re-join as the squadron were headed for Southampton, but it didn't happen. I lost brothers in that conflict: some killed by our own Navy." %}. Imagine how life might have been had I stayed in the Gulf. I spent a year driving taxis, selling business machines, hair transplants and life assurance, finally landing a job as a Systems Design Engineer at Rediffusion in Crawley. This gave me the technical challenge I needed, and the travel I craved. I learned to code, properly, building on the foundations I laid in the Army learning COBOL by correspondence. I worked on Tristar, B757 and B767 flight simulators and travelled to where these were installed, in North America, the Far East, New Zealand and Europe.

## Scotland
I learned to fly.

## Notes

Relationship|Name|DoB|PoB|DoD|PoD
:-----------|:---|:--|:--|:--|:--
 |Nick HOOD|16th June 1957|Arrington, Cambs|
Father|Ric HOOD|2nd August 1936|?|
Mother|Audrey BOURNE|7th June 1930|Hitchin|20th March 2020|Harlow