---
layout: post
title:  Nick Hood
author: himself
# date:   2020-01-06 16:00
# published: no
categories: 
  - Hood
tags:
  - living
  - Hood
  - Letchworth
  - Scotland
---
{% newthought "Nicholas Robin Hood" %} was born on 16th June 1957 at Wimpole Park Hospital, Arrington to Audrey and Ric Hood. He lives in Fife with his wife, Kara.
<!--more-->
This is a work in progress - I think I'll return to it from time to time, as much to put down that which I may forget later.

## Synopsis
I was raised mostly in Letchworth, apart from a period in the USA before my mother was paralysed. After military service in REME, I pursued a career in Flight Simulation in the UK, Germany, Canada, the US and Far East before settling in my current home in Fife, Scotland. I became an educator in 2003 and now work at the University of Edinburgh in initial teacher education.

## Early life
{% marginfigure 'nh-tod' 'assets/img/Nick-toddler.jpg' 'Nicky - passport photo.'  %}I lived with my parents, except for a short period when Mum was paralysed. My Dad was posted to the US, so we followed him there and spent time in Hialeah. Mum's illness was hard for their marriage and they eventually divorced and Dad made a new life with another English girl. I remember telling my friends at school about it: such a thing was rare in those days. I grew up in Letchworth, the first garden city and still pretty in places even today. I went to Icknield Infant School, Wilbury Junior School across from my Grandad and Nanna Bourne's house on Bedford Road, and Letchworth Grammar School.

## REME
{% marginfigure 'nh-05' 'assets/img/Nick-05.png' '05 Platoon, Depot REME. I am the tall guy in the back row.'  %}I enlisted into the British Army in April 1976 and completed basic military training in the hot summer of that year. I was selected for the Avionics trade and went on to the School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering at Arborfield. I served with the LADs REME at 70 Aircraft Workshop, Middle Wallop, and 656 Sqn AAC at the RAE, Farnborough. I was deployed on various exercises and operations including Op Agila in Rhodesia in 1979-80.

## Notes

Relationship|Name|DoB|PoB|DoD|PoD
:-----------|:---|:--|:--|:--|:--
 |Nick HOOD|16th June 1957|Arrington, Cambs|
Father|Ric HOOD|2nd August 1936|?|
Mother|Audrey BOURNE|7th June 1930|Hitchin|20th March 2020|Harlow